1)Write a Java program to find duplicate elements in an array?
2)Write a Java program to find second largest element in an array of integers?
3)Write a Java program to check the equality of two arrays?
4)Write a Java program to find all pairs of elements in an integer array whose sum is equal to a given number?
5)Write a Java program to find continuous sub array whose sum is equal to a given number?
6)Write a Java program to find the intersection of two arrays?
7)Write a Java program to separate zeros from non-zeros in an integer array?(Moving Zeros To End Of An Array)
8)Write a Java program to separate zeros from non-zeros in an integer array?(Moving Zeros To Front Of An Array)
9)Write a Java program to find all the leaders in an integer array?
10)Write a Java program to find a missing number in an integer array?
11)Write a Java program to count occurrences of each element in an array?
12)Write a Java program to reverse an array without using an additional array?
13)Write a Java program to remove duplicate elements from an array?
14)Write a Java program to find the most frequent element in an array?
15)Write a Java program to find the minimum absolute difference between any two elements of the given array?
16)How to sort array elements by frequency in Java?
17)How to merge two sorted or unsorted arrays into single sorted array without duplicates in Java?
18)How to merge two unsorted arrays in sorted order in Java?
19)How to merge two sorted arrays in Java?
20)Write a Java program to find smallest and second smallest element in an integer array?
21)Write a Java program to find contiguous sub array with maximum sum?
22) Write a Java program which prints all contiguous sub arrays with given sum?
23)How to sort an array of 0s and 1s in Java?
24)How to sort an array of 0s, 1s and 2s in Java?
25)Write a Java program which finds triplets in the given array whose sum is equal to given number?
26) Write a Java program to find array triplets such that sum of first two elements equals the third element?
27)Array Rotation Program In Java-Left Rotation 
28)Array Rotation Program In Java-right Rotation 

// FAANG Array Question asked must 
29_1.Reverse the array using temp
30_1.Find the maximum and minimum element of an array
31_1.Print K largest(or smallest) elements in an array
31_2.K’th Smallest/Largest Element in Unsorted Array
32. Sort the array which consists 0,1 and 2 without using sorting 
33.Move all the negative elements to one side of the array 
34.Minimize the maximum difference between the heights
